# Hey Gitmo...
#### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/VaAORh3uWsw>
#### Description: Gitmo is an AI created with the purpose of answering your questions, though he isn't very good at it. Ask him a question, and you'll most likely get a sarcastic response. Fail to use proper punctuation or provide input and you will get a unique prompt that reminds you of what you are missing. Gitmo is composed Solely of JavaScript, HTML, and CSS. He uses arrays to store his answers and uses JavaScript to check for user input. Gitmo also takes advantage of the Math library to get random numbers that he can use to find random responses in the 'answers' and 'noQ' arrays, which provide answers to questions with and without punctuation. If no input is provided you will recieve a separate message telling you to provide one before you submit. Gitmo's visuals are a combination of customized bootstrap elements as well as some svg images made by myself on illustrator. To provide Gitmo with some life, I included three different eye variations that all convey different emotions and will be used depending on the input. Gitmo was a blast to make and I hope you enjoy him. He is best optimized for web as some of the svg positioning gets messed up as the screen compresses. The styling of Gitmo is heavily influenced by my own CSS. I also used an online color pallette generator to select the color theme of the webpage. Some CSS effects were also used like an inset shadow on the text section and hover animations on the buttons. My takeaways from this project are that I need to work on optimizing for all sizes of screens and I need to work on hover animations for buttons as well as understanding positioning attributes. Gitmo's HTML is fairly simple. It just uses a text area and input, as well as buttons. If your computer volume is on, you'll notice that Gitmo actually speaks his answers out to you. This is because I've implemented the SpeechSynthesisUtterance Web Speech API, which allows me to declare a new utterance and have the API speak it out. The API comes equipped with the ability to change the speaking rate via adding the '.rate' tag, starting the speaking, stopping it, and pausing it. You could program the API in a way to simply speak out your text input, but instead I passed it the premade responses. I have my Gitmo files organized in a way that was suggested by Codecademy. I have style.css and Images in the resources folder. This way, I only have to include the relative path to each image or the css file. The fonts used on Gitmo are chosen to give him a "codey" feel. I used source code pro for the text section to make it feel as though you are programming your questions. This font paired with the green color completes the look. I got source code pro and another font used for "Ask me a question" from google fonts. The links to which can be seen at the top of the index.html file along with the neccessary bootstrap links, and the link to the randomizer.js file which holds our javascript logic.
